Welcome to this fake McCoys.
So let's move along.
Okay.
So we have our first shape created here in Canada.
What we are going to do is we are just going to duplicate the shape.
So I just select the shape and then Press Command D on my keyboard.
I create a duplicate.
I move the copy away from the.
The original.
I move it to the corner here at the bottom and I reduce the size a bit.
Yeah.
The size a bit.
Okay.
So this is good enough.
But if we look here, we pay attention, realize that this is not linear.
This is a simple, solid color.
Have the lights.
I hear so.
Yeah.
We maintain this and then convert it to solid good.
We have a color here.
Well, I think there's the lighter version of the Violet.
So let me reduce it a bit.
Okay.
Let's see how it looks.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we change the color and then what we have here, let's make this light a bit lighter and change it
to ten.
I think that ten is too light for us.
So 15.
Yeah, 15 works quite well.
So when we compare it to what we have here, we realize that it's similar.
We are good to go.
Let me preview it and see how it looks.
Oh.
Okay.
It's showing now.
It looks good and close enough.
Okay.
So moving on, what we are going to do is we are going to create the login screen next to do that.
We are not going to design from scratch.
We are just going to duplicate the page you've already created and then modify that to suit the login
page.
So to do that I select my frame and then I press command D because I'm using Mark and it's controlled
for you if you are using windows.
So I have my duplicates.
Now the next thing I'm going to do is rename my frame.
So I rename it from Welcome to log in.
Yeah.
So I have my log in frame now.
Let me move there.
Let me turn off the grid here so that I see how it looks here.
It looks good.
So back to my log in screen.
I have my log in screen.
Now, the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to change this text from.
Welcome to log in.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I have my log in here.
As you see here, you realize that we have the illustration of the female, but then the male one is
gone.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to delete this and move this update.
Maybe reduce the size a bit as well.
I mean, would use it from 200 to 190.
And then sent sides.
Let me see how it looks by previewing it.
It looks good.
So the next thing I'm going to do here, as you see, we have the inputs section, so the input boxes.
So we have the image of input box, the username input box and the password input box.
So I'm going to create these boxes, right?
To do that, I'm just going to duplicate the the button I have here instead of creating a shape from
scratch.
As you see, they all have similar shapes, so I'll just duplicate my register button here and then
move it up there.
Right.
Cynthia.
I make sure it's well centered.
And our own group.
Our own group.
This now.
So a group it.
And then delete.
No, no, no, no.
So our group it.
So I won't group that.
Now I'll change this text from register to email.
That's my first.
Inputs box I'm creating.
So from register to email and I reduce the size to 15.
Let me look at the design here.
You realize that the input boxes have very little shade of purple.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to reduce the color intensity here.
So I reduce it from 100 to 15.
Let's see.
Okay.
It looks good.
Then I changed the text from White's.
To great.
Okay.
Works.
So.
000 and 30 30% of.
There is 0000 that's there.
Those there's there is pure black.
So 30% of that.
Okay.
So the next thing I'm going to do here.
Right, is.
Put in an icon.
Yes.
To find an icon, you can either choose to get your icons from Figma plugins or you can choose to go
to the icon websites to download icons and then implement them in your designs or use them in your designs.
What I found easier to do is to download a plugin and then use them inside of figma.
So I do.
I end up using icons without having to go outside of Figma, but for educational purposes, I'll teach
you how to go to plugin sites and then download.
Right?
So let's go to the browser.
Okay.
So we have a browser here.
There's a go to search for flags icons flags icons has a wide range of icon options that.
Sorry, Fred.
Flood icons has a wide range of icons, options that you can use and implement in your designs.
They also have a Figma plugin, so if you want to download from the website, you come here and you
search for whatever icon you need.
So let me search for email, right?
So when I search for email, you realize that I'm given a wide array of email icons.
I have a lot of options here, so I can choose to download whatever I want.
If you want the SPG, sorry, the PNG version of this, you can just copy the PNG and then paste it
in your figma without necessarily having to download it if you want the PNG option.
But as I mentioned earlier, I like to use SVG because it allows me to modify them to suit my preference.
So if you want to download the SPG option, you click on the icon option.
Right, then you are given PNG and SVG.
Okay, this is a premium one.
There are a lot of free icons here too.
So let's select the free one.
Yeah.
Wow.
It looks like.
Flat icons of media demand paid now.
You used to be able to download as we use for free guys.
This is new to me.
This is new.
So wow.
If you want to pay to get the service and just download the service.
Okay, let's go back to the plugins and figma.
So we are in Figma now.
To download a plug in your rights, click here.
And then you see plug ins.
What you see here, the plug ins I've downloaded.
If this is your first time going to this menu and you don't have any plug ins, this is going to you
are not going to have all these.
Right?
So if you want to download a plug in, you move to browse plug ins in community, right?
We click on that, it takes you to the community.
So you see a lot, a whole range of community files.
So let's plug in top and then search for the plugins you need for this course.
We are going to use icon ify, right?
So in search I quantify.
You said was I couldn't if I plug in and then when it comes up because I've installed it, you see installed
here.
If you don't have it installed, what you are going to see is you're going to see an install button,
you click on it and then it installs it for you instantly.
It's very fast and very simple.
Okay, so back to our design, right?
Back to design to use the plugin we just installed.
You have to right click again, go to the plug ins in the plug in options that appears.
You see the plug in that you just installed.
We are going to use I qualify now so you select I quantify right and then a load for you just know what
you are going to see when you first load.
I quantify I seen this because this is my last icon I searched for.
So this is what you see on your face the first time you open.
I qualify.
So we are going to search for an email icon.
Right.
So such you type the keyword email here.
And gives us a wide range of email I can so I will select.
This one works well for me, so I drag that from here and then I leave it on my.
My.
Adds Board.